Callimachus Project Release Notes

http://callimachusproject.org/

8 October 2011

= VERSION 0.13 =

Callimachus 0.13 supports the HTML5 File API for the drag-and-drop of
files into Callimachus Folders.  The file API is implemented in current
versions of Firefox and Chrome, but not implemented in Safari 5, IE 9
or Opera 10.

Upload of files causes lower-casing of file names.  The side effect is
that imported applications will need to refer to their files
using lower-case names, regardless of the case in the uploaded files.
File URLs include file extensions, although file extensions are not
shown in the Folder view.

Files may be deleted by selecting the file, and then selecting the Edit
tab.  Selecting the 'Delete' button in the Edit tab will delete a file.

== HOWTO UPGRADE FROM 0.12 ==

All information saved through a Web browser is saved in the repositories
directory. This directory should be backup (in the stopped state) before
attempting to upgrade.

Stop the 0.12 server using the callimachus-stop script in the bin directory.
Remove the lib and tmp directories. Remove the supplied war files in the
webapps directory, including: callimachus.war, layout.war, and accounts.war.
Backup any configuration files in etc, including etc/callimachus.conf. Unzip
callimachus-0.13.zip over top of the rest of your existing installation. This
will restore a lib directory and webapps/callimachus.war. Restore your
configuration settings in etc/callimachus.conf. Start the server using the new
callimachus start script in the bin directory.

All classes with a create template must include a list of groups that can author
new resources. These can be added in the edit tab of a class. All classes for
container resources (subClass of Creator) must now extend Composite. Check the
box in the class edit tab to enable nested resources.

The create and edit page template syntax must be updated. The create from
element should have an enctype of application/rdf+xml, no about attribute, and
should include an onsubmit handle of onsubmit="return calli.saveFormAs(this)".
The edit form element should have an enctype of application/sparql-update and
an about attribute of "?this".

To open a dialogue box to list resources by type or create a new resource use
the function calli.createResource(zone[, src]) where zone is a focable element
(like a button or link), within an element with a dropzone attribute, and src
is the page to open in the dialogue. If no src is provided the zone element's
href attribute is used. The function will return false if a dialogue was opened.

To remove a referenced resource from a dropzone use the function
calli.removeResource(node) where node is an element within an element that
contains an attribute @about, @resource, @src, or @href constructed using a
Callimachus template variable. This will remove the parent element that contains
the variable attribute. The function will return false if an element was
removed.

To open a browse dialogue use the function calli.selectFile(zone[, src]) where
zone is a focable element (like a button or link), within an element with a
dropzone attribute, and src is the page to open in the dialogue. If no src is
provided the zone element's href attribute is used. The function will return
false if a dialogue was opened.

For syntax examples see http://code.google.com/p/callimachus/wiki/FormPatterns

